crates/engine_xetex/README.md, before:

# The `tectonic_engine_xetex` crate

[![](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/tectonic_engine_xetex)](https://crates.io/crates/tectonic_engine_xetex)

This crate is part of [the Tectonic
project](https://tectonic-typesetting.github.io/en-US/). It provides the
[XeTeX] engine as a reusable crate.

[XeTeX]: http://www.xetex.org/

- [API documentation](https://docs.rs/tectonic_engine_xetex/).
- [Main Git repository](https://github.com/tectonic-typesetting/tectonic/).


## Cargo features

This crate provides the following [Cargo features][features]:

[features]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html

- **`external-harfbuzz`**: activates the same-named feature in
  the `tectonic_bridge_harfbuzz` dependency.


## Updating the generated headers

This crate exposes Rust functions to C/C++ code using a header file created by
[cbindgen]. To update the header, run:

[cbindgen]: https://github.com/eqrion/cbindgen/

```sh
cbindgen --output xetex/xetex_bindings.h
```

It also uses definitions generated by the `tectonic_xetex_format` introspection crate. To
update that header, run:

```sh
cargo run -p tectonic_xetex_format --example emit >xetex/xetex_format.h
```

Note that this crate defines the format serial number that it implements (in
`tectonic_engine_xetex::FORMAT_SERIAL`) separately from the maximum serial
number supported by the introspection crate (in
`tectonic_xetex_format::LATEST_VERSION`).

Commit message:

docs: standardize crate READMEs for FerroTeX fork

crates/engine_xetex/README.md, after:

# The `tectonic_engine_xetex` crate

[![](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/jxoesneon-tectonic-engine_xetex)](https://crates.io/crates/jxoesneon-tectonic-engine_xetex)

> [!NOTE]
> This crate is part of the **FerroTeX** project, a specialized fork of Tectonic.
> It is published to crates.io as `jxoesneon-tectonic-engine_xetex`.

This crate is part of [the Tectonic
project](https://tectonic-typesetting.github.io/en-US/). It provides the
[XeTeX] engine as a reusable crate.

[XeTeX]: http://www.xetex.org/

- [API documentation](https://docs.rs/tectonic_engine_xetex/).
- [Main Git repository](https://github.com/jxoesneon/tectonic/).


## Cargo features

This crate provides the following [Cargo features][features]:

[features]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html

- **`external-harfbuzz`**: activates the same-named feature in
  the `tectonic_bridge_harfbuzz` dependency.


## Updating the generated headers

This crate exposes Rust functions to C/C++ code using a header file created by
[cbindgen]. To update the header, run:

[cbindgen]: https://github.com/eqrion/cbindgen/

```sh
cbindgen --output xetex/xetex_bindings.h
```

It also uses definitions generated by the `tectonic_xetex_format` introspection crate. To
update that header, run:

```sh
cargo run -p tectonic_xetex_format --example emit >xetex/xetex_format.h
```

Note that this crate defines the format serial number that it implements (in
`tectonic_engine_xetex::FORMAT_SERIAL`) separately from the maximum serial
number supported by the introspection crate (in
`tectonic_xetex_format::LATEST_VERSION`).
